NativeTokenSpoke fee handling (#158)
ava-labs/teleporter-token-bridge: contracts/README.md

# Teleporter Message Fees

> Fees can be optionally added to Teleporter messages in order to incentivize relayers to deliver them, as documented [here](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/tree/main/contracts/src/Teleporter#fees). The bridge contracts in this repository allow for specifying any ERC20 token and amount to be used as the Teleporter message fee for single-hop transfers in eiter direction between `TokenHub` and `TokenSpoke` instances. All bridge transfers that intend to add the optional fee must make a call to the fee token to approve the fee amount to be spent by the bridge contract before calling the bridge send function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fees can be optionally added to Teleporter messages in order to incentivize relayers to deliver them, as documented [here](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/tree/main/contracts/src/Teleporter#fees). The bridge contracts in this repository allow for specifying any ERC20 token and amount to be used as the Teleporter message fee for single-hop transfers in either direction between `TokenHub` and `TokenSpoke` instances. Fee amounts must be pre-approved to be spent by the bridge contract before initiating a transfer.
```
